all right today on this 2011 jeep
wrangler we're going to install part
number c51140 vehicle wiring harness all
right start off our install we're going
to get behind driver side taillight so
we need to go ahead and remove the tail
light from the vehicle there are four
screws that we have to remove once we
get the guard up the light we can go
ahead and remove the light itself from
the body pulled away you can see where
the wire harness connects into the back
for tail light there's a small tab to
push down so it can release it doing go
ahead and pull it apart okay
now I'll go ahead and set our tail light
to the side first we'll go ahead and
take the 4-pole end of a wire harness
push it inside the bodywork and out the
bottom you can see where is the opening
it goes out by the fender well we'll go
ahead and run out all our excess out
there they don't make our connection to
wire harness now we'll also take the
white wire to ring terminal and we need
to run it down to the bottom so we can
ground it to the frame so we're gonna
peel it back we'll go ahead and split it
sticker in half and peel back our white
wire and put everything back together
we'll go ahead and route our white wire
down to the frame and we'll leave it
alone for now at this point we can go
into the T connector plug it right back
into the back of the tail light and
reattach the tail light now back
underneath the vehicle we'll go ahead
and take our white wire and use the
provided self tapping screw we'll go
ahead and attach the bracket that's
welded to the frame we'll go ahead and
take our wire harness run it over a
connection point between a bumper and a
frame we're running up and over to
bumper and back down this is a real
tight fit so take some patience to work
it back up and down then we'll go ahead
and run it over to our hitch
next we'll go ahead and put the 4-pole
cover into place and use it to help hold
a 4-pole in place on the hitch while I
take a moment to install some loom now
this does not come with the kit we'll be
using part number 4-5 9:07 5-1 we'll go
ahead and attach it to our wiring
harness running back up behind hitch
enough back into the tail light area
we only take a few moments to give some
extra long zip ties and we'll use those
to attach the wire harness tube back for
bumper structure and we'll keep it away
from the exhaust as far as possible all
right with her thing installed now when
we go ahead and test it with a light
tester to make sure it's working before
we trial and trailer let's say your
ground from our tester and connected to
white wire then we'll test the brown
wire for running light our yellow wire
for left turn signal and green for right
turn signal our brake signal will be a
constant signal on the yellow and green
wires and when that valve finish it for
install part number c51140 11 Jeep
Wrangler